@document.meta
title: the novgor league
description: empty
authors: cramt
categories: [
interplantary goverment
stability
discord
trade federation
technocracy
]
created: 2025-01-13T16:22:02+0100
updated: 2025-01-13T16:22:02+0100
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Links

* Description
  The Novgor League is a technocratic trade federation between several minor urban cities, some independent states, some as semi-autonomous free trade zones within larger states, like the Ayrah Covenant and Brear Union

The Novgor League is headed by the Novgor Diet, which is composed of 1 leader from each city meeting once every 3 months on the rocky moon Novgor orbiting the planet Zurra, both of which are obviously members of The Novgor League.

At every Diet meeting the leaders appoint people to specific import leadership positions within the league, including
- The Grand Admiral of the Novgor Anti-piracy fleet
- The Secretary of Trade Relations
- The Attorney General of The League
- The Councellor for the Promition of Progress

Most often these appointments are just reappointing the existing person that heads the office, making it largely cerimonial and people are only really not reappointed if something drastic has happened. Most of the time when a person in one of these positions retires they will be asked to recommend one of their subordinates for the position and most times the cerimony continues by appointing the recommended subordinate. However this doesnt mean that there isnt heated debate in the Diet every time they have to reappoint people, and usually some dissatisfied leaders do vote against, though it generally isnt enough to change anything in the largely cerimonial process. When it comes to other things on the agenda, specifically new trade deals or new admissions into the league, the Diet can take days to come to any sort of decisition, and the Diet is often veiwed as largely ineffective and slow, and thus people secretly think its a good thing that the leaders have to get back to their city to lead cause otherwise they would continue to argue for literal years.

The Diet is explicitely anti-democratic, with all the leaders having a different amount of votes, and some major corporation also having votes in the Diet.

The Novgor League is quite highly advanced and most of this comes for their artifice, usually in stability but also dipping into discord, The Novgor League is also one of the most transhumanist, with them often replacing bodyparts with artifice constructs to help them either integrate with other artifice constructs, or enhance their abilities.

The Novgor League has the best mind enhancing tech. Which is used by most of the higher leadership of the league.

The Patron saint of the Novgor League is the Architect of Aether.
