@document.meta
title: the ayrah covenant
description: 
authors: cramt
categories: [
interplantary goverment
decay
theocracy
oligarchy
decentralism
]
created: 2025-01-13T16:22:06+0100
updated: 2025-01-13T16:22:06+0100
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Links
  - [anastasianism]{:$/the seventh realm/religion/anastasianism:}
  - [the council of drearbrg]{:$/the seventh realm/religion/anastasianism:** The Council of Drearburg}

* Description

  the Ayrah covenant an decentralized oligarchical theocratic cult-like soceity with no formal governance structure. The Covenant officially no more than a mutual defence pact between several planets. However these planets are in practice quite closely alligned culturely and reliously as they all follow [anastasianism], managed from [the council of drearbrg], also often refered to as The Council.

while The Council only officially does religion, they pretty much are the ultimate authority in the Ayrah Covenant and they basically set the agenda that most local regional leaders follow.

  [anastasianism] is one of Decay, that belives that a individuals death more above all be holy and meaningful, what that means depends a lot on the person in question, for warriors it would mean dying in battle, but for most everyday people it means dying doing some specific time, fx at a sermon.

The Anastasian ecclesiastic class are all necromancers who use the death of their congregation to fuel their magics, either using their literal bones in construction projects or their souls to heal, or in war using their warriors again and again and again until they can no longer stand.

The Ayrah Covenant is a soceity of devout following and zealotry, most everything has a significat relious meaning or symbolism in their buildings.

Their building style is very gothic, and they are by far the least technologically advanced of all the peoples of the seventh realm.

Militarily they are quite unique, their zealotry and necromancy makes any actual land wars with the Ayrah Covenant hell for both sides, though the Ayrahns probably care less, however due to their lacking tech, they barely pocess a navy, only really troup transports, so unless they take someone by surprise an invasion or have allies they likely wornt be the aggresor in any war they end up winning.
